Added guide to static prerendering. (#78)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/request_headers.md

- `x-xdn-browser`: browser type which can be `chrome`, `safari`, `firefox`, `opera`, `edge`, `msie` or `generic`

These values are provided as best effort as user agent, especially adversarial ones, can control the values by which we determine the values above.

## Geolocation headers

Geolocation headers contain the geographical information about the provenance of the request. They are based on the IP of the actual request or, if overriding need is presented, on the content of `x-xdn-client-ip` request header.

- `x-xdn-geo-country-code`: two letter country code from which the request originated
- `x-xdn-geo-city`: the name of the city from which the request originated
- `x-xdn-geo-postal-code`: the ZIP or postal code from which the request originated
- `x-xdn-geo-latitude`: the geographical latitude from which the request originated
- `x-xdn-geo-longitude`: the geographical longitude from which the request originated

These values are provided as best effort as Moovweb cannot guarantee that client IP to geographical location is always accurate.

## Static prerendering headers

> - `x-xdn-preload`: determines if the request originated from [Static Prerendering](/guides/static_prerendering)

Author: ```suggestion
- `x-xdn-preload`: Will be "1" if the request originated from [Static Prerendering](/guides/static_prerendering)
```
